Here I got our react native app running and I already taught you that in the simulators, you can press
command D for the iOS one or command or control M for the Android one to open up this developer menu.
If you just want to reload, you can also do this on Android by pressing R twice or command R on
iOS, you can also turn on things like live reload and hot reloading so that the app automatically
reloads whenever you change it or even tries to render the changes on the same page
and you also get some other tools here which I haven't had a look at before.
For example the inspector here, if you toggle it, you can click somewhere in your app and you'll see some
basic information about the component you selected, like the margin and padding
and yeah, basically that. You can also inspect the network here so your network connections which you have
so which network requests were sent
and some information about the performance if displaying anything.
So this is a nice thing, the inspector and you can always turn it off by clicking toggle inspector again.
You also have the performance monitor here on the top right where you see the frames with which it's
running,
how many frames javascript process has and so on.
And by the way, whenever you see something here in this course, always keep in mind that I got two simulators
running and I'm recording this at the same time, so my performance is certainly not as good as you have
it out in the wild,
so I'm going to also hide the performance monitor
here again. One other very useful tool
I want to show you is the capability to debug your javascript code remotely though, click on debug javascript
code remotely and it should open up a new tab in your browser,
if it doesn't,
you can simply connect to localhost:8081/debuggerUI.
Now you can open your developer tools here in Chrome and I recommend using Chrome for this,
to my knowledge it's not even supported in other browsers,
so you can open your developer tools there and the cool thing is the console you see here now is the
console output by your code running on the native device, elements and so on won't work here like this
though so you still only inspect this page.
But the console now is connected to your native device code,
the other tabs won't really work like this, it's really just a console
but this allows you to do cool things.
You can now use console log in your debugging steps here or in your code, anywhere you like.
For example you could add a console log statement in app.js, whenever you add a new place you
could console log place added, like this
and if you now save this and make sure your app reloads, it seems like Android is having an issue here, let
me try to restart the app.
Now you can see that if I do add a place here like Munich, if you could go back, you see place added here
in the console.
So this is a great and quick way of doing some basic debugging, simply logging something here and being
able to see the log, to get information about the state of your application and well, how it's currently
behaving,
so this is super useful.
You may of course ignore the warning that this is running in the background and may impact your apps
performance,
obviously it may, this won't be an issue in production because there, this process isn't running.
So that's remote
javascript debugging and the capability of using your console log.
And what else can you do.